---
layout: post
title:  "Electrical System Map: Design Doc (rev0)"
date:   2021-11-13 15:46:09 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---
# Stages
## Phase 1
### What to do
Every electrical component in Cloyne's electrical system shall be labeled using the process and encoding below. Electrical components include, at a high level, every switch, breaker panel, receptable ("outlet"), overhead lighting fixture, and so on and so forth. If it's permanently part of the building and deals with electricity, it should be labeled.
* You will accomplish this by installing the Dymo Connect app. 
* You shall create a way to log completed labels. I'd recommend a spreadsheet or a text file. It doesn't need to be fancy. Whatever you decide, you'll need to update it in your crew folder every shift.
* Then, you'll use the Dymo MobileLabeler to consequently print labels as you encounter untagged plumbing component or fixtures. 
* The labels shall be placed in a location such that they adhere permanently. 
* Before you place the label, clean the surface with isopropyl alcohol, and then wipe it with a microfiber cloth until dry. 
* Then, carefully place the label against a location such that the label is; (i) clearly visible; (ii) as flat and/or homogenous as possible; (iii) relatively unexposed to sources of degradation. 
* Once you have placed the label, take a photo of the placed label. Add this photo to your crew folder. Update your log of completed labels.

### What not to do
An example of how not do (iii) would be if you placed the label inside the sink. An example of violating (ii) would be placing it *on* a drain cover. An example of violating (i) would be placing a label in a location that isn't immediately visible within 5 seconds. Additionally, make sure that the label placement is consistent.


## Phase 2
### TODO


### Model number encoding
~~~
ABCDEEEE
1. <A> is the current wing. A valid value is <W>, <C>, or <E>.
2. <B> is the current floor.  A valid value is <0>, <1>, <2>, or <3>.
3. <C> is the current location. Valid values are <B>, <H>, <S>, <O>, <C>, <R>, and <U>. See reference table A.
4. <D> is the type of electrical component. See reference table B.
5. <EEEE> is the serial number of the electrical component. A valid value is any unique integer in the range 0-9999. 
>>> Example: W1OF0001 = <W><1><O><F><0001>

Reference Table A
B <-> Bathroom
H <-> Hallway
S <-> Staircase
O <-> Outside
C <-> Common space
R <-> Bedroom
U <-> Unknown

Reference Table B
S <-> Breaker subpanel
R <-> Receptacle
F <-> Lighting fixture
U <-> Unknown
~~~

